Hello Last month I attempted to cancel my Disney+ subscription as it was coming to an end. Pre-empted by SMSes, I was well aware that my promotional subscription would end on 25/09/2025. On that day I attempted to use the Starhub app to unsubscribe but failed as the button was greyed out and I could not end my subscription. I then stayed up till midnight to reattempt my unsubscription through the app since the promotional package lasted 12 months and the 25th of September was the last day of those 12 months. Again I was not successful as the "Unsubscribe" button was greyed out and not clickable. The following morning I made a call to your 1637 hotline to request an unsubscription. The customer care officer confirmed that there would not be any charges and that he had successfully assisted with my unsubscription. Shortly after the same officer called me back to correct himself as there was an early termination charge. He also shared rhat my subscription was still valid for a little more than another week. I found this impossible as I've already received multiple SMSes reminding me of the end of my promotional subscription contract. I requested a waiver of this charge as my application was affected by a technical fault. The officer informed me that he would check and someone else would contact me about the status of the waiver. I received no follow up call. Firstly, I feel that a user should be able to schedule an unsubscription ahead of time. The bug or limitation on your app caused me to lose sleep and added distress to the start of my workday. Secondly, your officer's quick but careless resolution has stretched out the matter longer than necessary. He should have known that there would be an Early Termination Charge, else he would not have reassured me of the lack thereof during our first call. This would have allowed me to make an alternative decision. Thirdly, I've looked through the terms & conditions, put in several calls and chats to your officers, but I am still unable to understand how to unsubscrible to a service that I no longer need and am no longer interested to pay a higher price for. You need to be more transparent to consumers. It feels like Starhub is trying to trick customers into continuing on with subscriptions at a higher price but at lower value just to earn a quick buck. Lastly, I believe that promoting AI powered support channels are detrimental to Starhub's success. As a consumer who has exhausted almost every support channel for this single endeavour, I no longer want to chat with support or try to self-help as the answers I receive are all generic and do not provide me any support. Even reaching out to the last-resort channel - hotline, was disappointing and did not solve my issues. You should seriously consider reinstating human-managed support chats and work on improving the robustness of your hotline officers. If there is anything that results from my feedback, it should be that the Early Termination Charge for your officer's hasty termination of my Disney+ subscription is unjustified. I appeal once more for a waiver of those fees. Please only contact me via email at rr.razzieyab@gmail.com. Thank you.